it was a sea lizard
six feet long days it took to dig it out
clean it
i was only 11 years old
it's in the british museum
that one was special
[Music]
i've often heard your reputation
discussed in the geographical society in
london
is there something you wanted sir my
wife
she hasn't been at all well of late she
suffers
from melancholia
i want her to walk the shoreline with
you
learn from you i'm not looking for an
apprentice
i would pay a premium for a private
audience
it's not easy work
[Music]
don't like the wood
what is it cheap tourist water
beautiful
it pleases me you struck up a friendship
together
what is it something nothing
[Music]
i don't want to go back to the life i
had before you what about my life
[Music]
you